remember things differently I don't know
when you're gonna let her know obviously
this would suck
all right it's a 928 first of all you
look wonderful
ja okay he just told me I look man no it
wasn't the point the point was you got
that boyish girl is she what don't it's
getting worse same before I have that
boyish charm about me you look good
can we can we go back to bone slugs all
right let me start again it's night 21:9
everybody welcome back Ashley Williams
is with us hey she co-stars as I said on
the cleverly named Jim Gaffigan show as
the mother of five children horses six
if you count him yeah if you owe mr. an
everything bagel with cream cheese oh
it's so warm oh my gosh what are you
doing oh I'm just getting your delicious
bagel up into tiny little bite-sized
pieces
oh you spoil me what did you do you
monster you can't do that to Jim
Gaffigan
this show is somewhat based on his life
right I would say yeah more wholesome
Wyatt yeah and his wife is involved in
the production of the show time involved
his wife Jeannie Gaffigan who's the
character I'm playing is a decorative
producer of the show she and Jim have
written every episode together and she
is behind the monitor she's giving notes
she's choosing props she's helping with
blocking she's totally involved totally
involved did she choose you to play her
she did Jim said that that it was
totally it was totally he put that
choice up to her cuz I know he said
right cuz he's a smart man yeah he
doesn't want to create a war yeah yeah
yeah I could all right so you are so
charming and you're very funny in this
things you can see I've seen it yeah
yeah how come you kept flopping in all
these pilots oh is Besant worse well I
just I used the word okay Oh
I apologize no I I'm an actor who has
been pounding the pavement for 10 years
I have done 10 pilots one every pilot
season and this is my first pick up in a
really long time so um I am super
excited and proud and proud and you know
it only takes one right yeah I mean what
does that sound what you know I did do a
show like 11 years ago and so that would
be the one that it would have that we
would have taken but um but it which
ones out I need I needed to what shows
that was called good morning Miami I was
along over there Julia yes that's rough
crusher there we talked we did a whole
lot just registering Who I am okay what
do I have to say this I'm gonna prep you
for the next yeah you with me now wait a
minute for your show better than you're
worried we're okay yeah you told me and
also I have this thing about your sister
in my what's the thing Joey you mean
she's boyish and manly I can't win I
can't win here
ah your sister your sister Kimberly who
predates you right yes Kimberly Williams
Paisley yes she is my big sister she's
the best and she's always had that kind
of special quality right great I agree
yeah I'm a big fan of hers but
apparently you are - yeah okay I've
always been a big fan of hers yeah
that's okay that okay speaking about the
pilot when you help the pilot for this
it was kind of interesting because you
were playing pregnant
but you actually were pregnant in real
life but no one knew gosh you guys it
was a super meta talked about it was so
weird so I found out I was pregnant two
days before we started shooting the
pilot yes and on the basically the first
day's shooting I come in and
to Jim that I'm pregnant so I was a
pregnant person pretending I wasn't
pregnant don't want anyone to know while
pretending it was pregnant on the show
Fah yeah but why didn't you want them to
know because she had just found that
young wait yeah you have to wait until
you're like at least 12 weeks they give
you a new belly
I had it where I was wearing a fake
belly really cloudy like you might have
been texting and being like you have no
idea what's going on over here it's they
thought you invested acting cuz you were
throwing up every morning yes the most
research I've ever done wrong what is it
like to work with Gaffigan again we left
all yeah he's so much fun to work with
we have a great time he also got lied
about the comedian's say things funny he
really says things funny I got really
lucky
okay I'll see you I'll see in 10 years
oh my gosh I know Koran remind we
reintroduce yourself to the next time
you won't call her boyishly tournai next
time you're very girls and she's
charming yeah okay all right I work on
the energy William Oh
Jim Gaffigan show airs Wednesday night
ten o'clock on TV land